The process of learning
a new programming language is
similar to learning
a new language.
For instance, like
any human language,
programming consists of words
organized together to
form lines of code.
Lines of code are used to
communicate with a computer,
similar to a sentence,
telling it how to
perform a task.
In this section, we're going to
start learning the
language needed to
communicate with
a computer as we
explore some key
components of Python.
We'll start by introducing
the basics of programming,
starting with why security
analysts use Python.
Next, we'll start building
the foundations for Python.
We'll discuss data types.
Then we'll cover variables.
Lastly, we're going
to learn about
specific statements
we can make in
Python, like
conditional statements.
Conditional statements help us
incorporate logic
into our programs.
The second type of
statement we'll learn
about is the
iterative statement.
Iterative statements allow
us to repeat a line of
code multiple times without
having to rewrite it.
Learning Python helped me
succeed in my career
because using
Python allows me to free up
time from repetitive
tasks, and instead,
focus on more challenging
tasks and problems.
Successfully applying
automation reduces
my overall workload,
increases productivity,
and reduces the risk
of human error.
The use of automation
also allows
me to focus on my
engineering tasks,
which require more creativity,
collaboration, and
problem-solving.
Are you ready to
start programming
in Python? Let's begin.